Avoid conflicts when mapping Kubernetes labels to Prometheus labels (#1156)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: README.md

  - [Resource group version compatibility](#resource-group-version-compatibility)
  - [Container Image](#container-image)
- [Metrics Documentation](#metrics-documentation)
  - [Conflict resolution in label names](#conflict-resolution-in-label-names)

>   - [Enabling VerticalPodAustoscalers](#enabling-verticalpodaustoscalers)

Reviewer: Thank you for this :)

See the [`docs`](docs) directory for more information on the exposed metrics.

#### Conflict resolution in label names

> `*_labels` family of metrics exposes Kubernetes labels as Prometheus labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `*_labels` family of metrics exposes Kubernetes labels as Prometheus labels.
```

> [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set)
```

is more liberal than
[Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/data_model/#metric-names-and-labels)
in terms of allowed characters in label names,

> so we automatically convert unsupported characters to underscores,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we automatically convert unsupported characters to underscores.
```

> e.g. `app.kubernetes.io/name` becomes `label_app_kubernetes_io_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For e.g. - `app.kubernetes.io/name` becomes `label_app_kubernetes_io_name`.
```

Author: This is the only change I'm not sure about as it would basically read "For for example".
Let me change it to simply say "For example".

This conversion can create conflicts when multiple Kubernetes labels like
`foo-bar` and `foo_bar` would be converted to the same Prometheus label `label_foo_bar`.

> In order to resolve this conflict, a suffix `_conflictN` is automatically added

Reviewer: We try to avoid passive voice as much as we can.
```suggestion
Kube-state-metrics automatically adds a suffix `_conflictN` to resolve this conflict,
```

> to all conflicting labels, so the above labels would get converted to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so it converts the above labels to
```

`label_foo_bar_conflict1` and `label_foo_bar_conflict2`.

If you'd like to have more control over how this conflict is resolved,

> you might want to addressing this issue on a different level of the stack,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you might want to consider addressing this issue on a different level of the stack,
```
